
If you don't feel like using the automation, you can also `concatenate`, `minify` and `optimize` manually.

## Concatenate CSS 

Use following command to concatenate your `CSS` files.

    gulp concatcss


## Concatenate JS

Use following command to concatenate `JS` files.

    gulp concatjs


## Minify CSS

Use following command to minify `CSS` files.

    gulp mincss


## Minify JS

Use following command to minify `JS` files.

    gulp minjs


## Image Optimization

Use following command to optimize `images` inside `/assets_dev/img/` folder.

    gulp imagemin

## Purge CSS

1. Navigate to `node_scripts`, open `config.json` to add list of css files to purge.

        "purge_css": [
          "assets/css/main.css",
          "assets/css/main.min.css"
        ],

2. You can also add `selectors` to the `"safelist"` and they will not be removed. Classes generated by WordPress are already added to the list.

        "safelist": [
          "dl", "dt", "dd",
          "dfn", "cite", "em", "i", "blockquote", 
          "pre", "code", "tt", "var", "abbr", "acronym", "mark", "ins",
          "table", "tbody", "td", "th",
          "embed", "iframe", "object",
          "aligncenter", "logged-in-as", "form-submit"
        ],

3. Use the following command to remove unused CSS from the files you have mentioned in `config.json`.

        gulp purgecss

If you think there should be more classes added/removed to the `"safelist"` please open an issue on our github repository. By the way selector list in `config.json` is not the only `"safelist"`, there is also pattern added in `gulpfile.js`

<br>
